eric-judah/README.md, before:

# 08-SQL Lab

**Author**: Eric and Judah
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples: -->

04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 6:25pm : Connected express to the sql database, and table was created
04-04-2018 7:30pm : Looked into more SQL, commented some more
04-04-2018 8:30pm : Finished server.js commented code
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base 

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

Commit message:

Used CRUD method to test that our DB and queries are fully functional

eric-judah/README.md, after:

# 08-SQL Lab

**Author**: Eric and Judah
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number up if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples: -->

04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 6:25pm : Connected express to the sql database, and table was created
04-04-2018 7:30pm : Looked into more SQL, commented some more
04-04-2018 8:30pm : Finished server.js commented code
04-04-2018 8:50pm : Went Through CRUD to test the functions, success
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base
04-04-2018 5:45pm : Set up repo and code-base 

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
